ADD: push checkpoints to mlflow artifact registry (#1295)
OpenAccess-AI-Collective/axolotl: README.md

# mlflow configuration if you're using it
mlflow_tracking_uri: # URI to mlflow
mlflow_experiment_name: # Your experiment name

> hf_mlflow_log_artifacts:  # Will copy each saved checkpoint on each save to mlflow artifact registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hf_mlflow_log_artifacts:  # set to true to copy each saved checkpoint on each save to mlflow artifact registry
```

Just a minor clarification on what it accepts.
